gives Tanya I'm coming on today to talk
about my skincare routine it's just
sensitive to outbreaks rashes whatever I
have crazy skin so I wanted to tell you
guys about this product I have a big one
and a small one purity it's a cream one
step cleanser takes off makeup and dirt
and oils everything that's it's just
literally a one-step cleanser is this
one as a refill er container because
this is kind of silly to leave on my
sink because it's huge so um with that
there's also the eye makeup i discovered
this many years ago and i just have
never used anything since it's the bobbi
brown eye makeup remover and this is a
bigger bottle then is usually sold this
i got from nordstrom once a year they
come out with a bigger size four I think
it's like five dollars more for like
twenty six bucks and this will last me
probably seven or eight months it just
has it says aloe vera and rosewater
extra I also a lot of success with the
ole a daily facials um these don't
irritate my skin is much either I used
this when I have like waterproof stuff
on that's really hard to get off use
this when I just have a light makeup day
like today I'll probably use these
because they take off the makeup from my
eyes and they don't irritate it so yeah
the express what cleansing cloths I
really love these and then lastly i've
been using eucerin for probably 12 years
now i use this religiously every day I
use it for my hands as well it's just
it's the best lotion I've ever come in
contact with ever I just love it so much
it really takes care of any dry spots
that I have anywhere within like 24
hours it's just amazing stuff make sure
to not get the scented kind if you have
really sensitive skin there is a scented
one that's like the original and I think
it has like an almond you smell anyway
this is the good stuff and it's
unscented persons that skin so that's my
skincare routine and I hope you guys are
watching your faces